Gitcommands (#7)
MadheshKumarVJ/void: git_basics.txt

Git Basics 

Create a repo
Go to home, click new which is on the top left corner next to top repository and name it and click create new repository

Git clone 
git clone <repository link-ssh>

create a file
create a file in vs code

Write something

Track that file using git add

> track file using the command git add foldername/filename.Py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
track file using the command git add foldername/filename.py
```

Write a commit message 

> write a commit message using the command git commit -m'bfncnc'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
write a commit message using the command git commit -m 'your message'
```
